Cyber Shield HELPS PREVENT DISASTER Ransomware attacks, hacked devices, crashed websites, breached n
etworks, denials of service, copied emails, and other cybersecurity incidents have become commonplac
e. Most organizations have developed some level of data security response capabilities. Avoiding a c
ybersecurity crisis often comes down to properly managing a cyber incident before, during, and after
 it unfolds. A core component includes a secure enterprise data protection solution that has a holis
tic view of the entire datacenter/s with the appropriate features and functionality tightly woven in
to the core architecture, not another add-on feature. With the Cyber Shield security features built 
into every Compass® deployment, your workloads are hermetically sealed and not susceptible to the ty
pical cybersecurity points of failure. Because Compass automatically maintains software currency, lo
gging in is not necessary and no logins mean no passwords to steal. Even if the worst happens, with 
Cyber Shield enterprise environments can be rapidly restored which is a key component of a risk miti
gation strategy.

4AC5DDE2

Endpoint Protection So, your network is secured with the best NGFW techn
ology – what about your endpoint security? A traditional signature-based solution that can only iden
tify known malware is no longer fit for purpose. The best next generation endpoint Protection agains
t unknown malware, ransomware, and zero-day exploits is needed, and FullProxy can help deliver and i
ntegrate solutions from Palo Alto and Baramundi. Home / Solutions / Endpoint Protection Unified Endp
oint Management baramundi Baramundi’s Management Suite complements anti-malware and anti-exploit sol
utions by providing effective endpoint security assurance both in terms of day-to-day management and
 also ongoing compliance (e.g. GDPR). It allows you to implement uniform security rules & configurat
ions, identify vulnerabilities, identify compliance violations, reliably patch operating systems and
 applications, and also prevent unauthorised copies of data being made. Speak to the team for more i
nformation Cortex XDR Palo Alto Networks Security operations needs a reset. Legacy point products ge
nerate endless alerts with too little context, resulting in painfully slow investigations and missed
 attacks. Transforming how security teams operate requires a new approach fuelled by comprehensive d
ata and deep analytics. The Cortex XDR platform delivers a unified experience for prevention, detect
ion, investigation and response to reimagine how you find and stop attacks with end-to-end context a
nd dramatically simplify operations. Speak to the team for more information