Endpoint Protection So, your network is secured with the best NGFW technology – what about your endp
oint security? A traditional signature-based solution that can only identify known malware is no lon
ger fit for purpose. The best next generation endpoint Protection against unknown malware, ransomwar
e, and zero-day exploits is needed, and FullProxy can help deliver and integrate solutions from Palo
 Alto and Baramundi. Home / Solutions / Endpoint Protection Unified Endpoint Management baramundi Ba
ramundi’s Management Suite complements anti-malware and anti-exploit solutions by providing effectiv
e endpoint security assurance both in terms of day-to-day management and also ongoing compliance (e.
g. GDPR). It allows you to implement uniform security rules & configurations, identify vulnerabiliti
es, identify compliance violations, reliably patch operating systems and applications, and also prev
ent unauthorised copies of data being made. Speak to the team for more information Cortex XDR Palo A
lto Networks Security operations needs a reset. Legacy point products generate endless alerts with t
oo little context, resulting in painfully slow investigations and missed attacks. Transforming how s
ecurity teams operate requires a new approach fuelled by comprehensive data and deep analytics. The 
Cortex XDR platform delivers a unified experience for prevention, detection, investigation and respo
nse to reimagine how you find and stop attacks with end-to-end context and dramatically simplify ope
rations. Speak to the team for more information

4AC5DDE2

Cyber Shield HELPS PREVENT DISASTER Ranso
mware attacks, hacked devices, crashed websites, breached networks, denials of service, copied email
s, and other cybersecurity incidents have become commonplace. Most organizations have developed some
 level of data security response capabilities. Avoiding a cybersecurity crisis often comes down to p
roperly managing a cyber incident before, during, and after it unfolds. A core component includes a 
secure enterprise data protection solution that has a holistic view of the entire datacenter/s with 
the appropriate features and functionality tightly woven into the core architecture, not another add
-on feature. With the Cyber Shield security features built into every Compass® deployment, your work
loads are hermetically sealed and not susceptible to the typical cybersecurity points of failure. Be
cause Compass automatically maintains software currency, logging in is not necessary and no logins m
ean no passwords to steal. Even if the worst happens, with Cyber Shield enterprise environments can 
be rapidly restored which is a key component of a risk mitigation strategy.